[CAM-12579] chore: add repo licence link (#1049)
camunda/camunda-bpm-platform: README.md

* Web Site: https://www.camunda.org/
* Getting Started: https://docs.camunda.org/get-started/
* User Forum: https://forum.camunda.org/
* Issue Tracker: https://app.camunda.com/jira

> * Contribution Guidelines: https://camunda.org/contribute/

Reviewer: Let's keep those two around in the list 👍

## Contributing

- Please see our [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).

> - Issue Tracker: [Issues](https://app.camunda.com/jira).

Reviewer: Let's keep it in the main list above

## Tests

To run the tests in this repository, please see our [testing tips and tricks](TESTING.md).

## License

> This project is licensed under [Apache Licence 2.0](https://github.com/atharwa-24/camunda-bpm-platform/blob/master/LICENSE)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source files in this repository are made available under the [Apache License Version 2.0](./LICENSE).
```
